Pandemic Pandas - brainstorm package

Project Title:  "How Covid Changed Retail"
	
1.  Topics of Discussion	

	(pre trajectory/post trajectory/current projectory)	of the impact of businesses pre and post pandemic

	companies that boomed and companies that busted	            (what was impacted during the pandemic)  (financial impacts of pandemic)

	online shopping/ ecommerce
	small businesses and inability to recover even with stimulus.... small business inability to access those government funds vs. big companies know how to get the funding
	pandmic before and after

	(how is it that big companies got big money and small companies didnt get anything.)

	retail/online/  what are people are buying
	retail online   walmart+  delivery  1 day delivery
	uber apps
	we can pull data on companies that bankrupt....
	pivot to online or die
	rate of acceleration from delivery good or service and compare to
	
	What products are people buying past/post pandemic (percentage of services lost?)  fast food delivery growth
	which stocks are investors buying
	brick and morter retail stores

	what happen to amazon during the pandemic
	Fast food delivery
	uber eats/delivery of beer and ciggs
	lyft:  small companies partnering with deliveryapps   mcdonalds, taco bell, etc, walmart, target, amazon, HEB, curbside pickup

	example:  nobody goes to AMC theatre anymore,  people started using netflix, and watching movies straight from online streaming
	example:  auto parts industry, before you go to autozone oriely autoparts to get parts/ future will be online delivery of auto parts   buy auto parts stores that have a plan to do online
	

2.  overview of numbers in pandemic and how it affects....	
	

Team Members:
	
	Ryan
	Bilikisu
	Frank
	Quang


project description/outline:

1.  Ryan - Brief discription of pre=pandemic state vs. how that trajectory was accelerated post pandemic , mention about each sector/industry  (2 minutes) 
2.  Bilikisu - online ecommmerce (retail in general)   api-credit card usage data,from census.gov (722 food services, ---->  how it changed their business model to transistion to food delivery  (2 mins)
3.  Frank - how food insdustry was affected... how food delivery
4.  Quang - trajectory on what the future will hold

Conclusion:  new norm is increase in new online businesses, online only, strip center real estate prices will crash, people will not need to go to physical locations anymore`
````		(identify sectors that will boom)
			uber eats, grub hub, door dash, waiter, deliveroo, slice

		a new industry:  pre prepared foods, online clothing shopping(take measurements online and send you clothing),   



research questoins to answer:

1.  is it going to slowdown, accelerate, etc...
2.  Where were we in terms of business trajectory
3.  Where are we currently in terms of
4.  What does the future hold for
5.  What are the projections

we find that these industries/sectors will explode or have a dramatic influx
where is fintech going?




datasets to use:


1.	Credit card usage data
2.	online delivery data
3.	food industry data - 3-5 big companies in the food industry   grubhub, ubereats, doordash
4.	3 or 4 quarters leading up to pandemic  growth in industries (ecommerce, brick and morter, food delivery)
5.      stock data from alpacas, stock prices, 
6.      data on small companies in those sectors taht went bankrupt, data on new companies that started after pandemic
7.	

Potentential API Data:

1.	Statistics of unemployed/ industires impact       
2.	parseur.com ----> api data on info of food delivery
3.	quarterly retail ecommerce sales, estimated change in monthly sales for retail and food services
4.	census.gov, bea.gov
5.	

rough breakdown of task  

1.	
2.	





